our true enemy
has not yet shown his face
when they come they'll come at what you
love
[Music]
hello i'm francis coppola and i would
like to tell you
a little bit about my experience working
on
what was released as the godfather part
three the third film
mario puzo and i when we wrote it had
called it
the godfather coda the death of michael
corleone mr corleone
we have a problem i said we make them
dead you give me the order i take care
of it
because of paramount pictures kindness
in allowing me to revisit this project i
have re-edited it and i have given it
what really isn't a new title but rather
the original title
coda the death of michael corleone just
when i thought i was out
they pulled me back in in musical terms
dakota is sort of like an epilogue it's
a summing up
and that's what we intended the movie to
be you'll see a film which has a
different beginning
has a different ending it's not personal
godfather
it's only business many scenes
throughout have been
repositioned and the picture has been
given i think a new life
which does in fact act as an
illumination of what the two films meant
friends our business together is done so
here
is the godfather coda the death of
michael corleone
[Music]
you